good evening well there are still
tickets available for Jay Leno's to free
shows at the Palace of Auburn Hills next
week mr. Leno is coming to town to
perform for us April 7th and 8th you can
get up to four tickets when you stop by
the box office tomorrow between 9am and
six pm and other entertainment news big
names such as Madonna and Kid Rock of
course came out of Michigan Julian
pavoni could possibly be the next one my
TV 20s hoary avi on tells us why meet
four year old Julian pavoni a child
superstar who many considered to be one
of the best young drummers in the world
I feel great and I like doing drunk and
I like rock roll and stuff like that
believe it or not at only 6 months old
this Bambino like his father calls him
started playing the drums in the
basement of his family's Bloomfield
Hills home I picked out the drumsticks
and I start playing and I started doing
tremeloes this rock star already
recorded a CD and has another one coming
out soon do you sign autographs yes yes
how do you feel when you do that it's
feeling fun because I we I meet a lot of
people and stuff Julian's father who's
also a musician it's one of his biggest
fans I'm a fan I'm truly a fan and I and
I separate the fact that I'm dad or his
manager i'm a fan in the audience just
in shock he never ceases to amaze my
wife and i and his family and friends
and fans at his performances you could
catch more on this young superstar
tomorrow here on channel 20 on maury at
3pm for my TV 20 news at ten hoor have a
on hit it Julian
alright Julian you are a rock star he
will be on Maury as part of the mohrís
most talented kids show for more on the
child star just visit Julian pavoni calm